---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "backupdr_cloudcredentials Data Source - terraform-provider-backupdr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used to read information about all BackupDR Cloud Credentials. It displays the cloud credential ID as shown in the Management console > Manage > Cloud Credentials page.
---

# backupdr_cloudcredentials (Data Source)

This data source can be used to read information about all BackupDR Cloud Credentials. It displays the cloud credential ID as shown in the Management console > Manage > Cloud Credentials page.

## Example Usage

```terraform
## list all cloudcredentials
data "backupdr_cloudcredentials" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `clientid` (String) It displays the client ID associated with the cloud credential.
- `cloudtype` (String) It displays the cloud type associated with the cloud credential.
- `clusterid` (Number) It displays the backup/recovery appliance ID as shown in the Management console > Manage > Appliances page.
- `domain` (String) It displays the domain associated with the cloud credential.
- `endpoint` (String) It displays the endpoint associated with the cloud credential.
- `href` (String) It displays the URL to access the storage pools in the management console.
- `id` (String) It displays the ID of the cloud credentials.
- `immutable` (Boolean) It displays the immutable values - true or false.
- `name` (String) It displays the name of the cloud credential.
- `projectid` (String) It displays the project ID associated with the cloud credential.
- `region` (String) It displays the region where the cloud credential is created.
- `serviceaccount` (String) It displays the service account associated with the cloud credential.
- `srcid` (Number) It displays the source ID on the appliance.
- `stale` (Boolean) It displays true or false if the data is synchronized with the management console or not.
- `usedefaultsa` (Boolean) It displays true or false.
