---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "backupdr_diskpool Data Source - terraform-provider-backupdr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used to read information about a Backup and DR service diskpool.
---

# backupdr_diskpool (Data Source)

This data source can be used to read information about a Backup and DR service diskpool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "backupdr_diskpool" "example" {
  ## Replace with any existing diskpool ID 
  id = "62448"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Provide the ID of the storage pool.

### Read-Only

- `appliance_clusterid` (String) It displays the backup/recovery appliance ID.
- `capacity_mb` (Number) It displays the current pool capacity in Megabytes.
- `cluster` (Attributes) It displays the properties of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster))
- `free_mb` (Number) It displays the free pool space in Megabytes.
- `href` (String) It displays the URL to access the storage pools in the management console.
- `immutable` (Boolean) It displays the immutable values - true or false.
- `mdiskgrp` (String) It displays the storage pool name.
- `metadataonly` (Boolean) Identifies if this Storage pool is used for PD snapshot metadata or as a backup data storage pool. It displays true or false.
- `modifydate` (Number) It displays the modified date in epoch time or date conversion.
- `name` (String) It displays the name of the storage pool.
- `pct` (Number) It displays the percentage of the pool used.
- `pooltype` (String) It displays the type of storage pool (cloud/perf/primary/vault), where perf = snapshot type.
- `pooltypedisplayname` (String) It displays the type of storage pool (cloud/perf/primary/vault), where perf = snapshot type.
- `properties` (Attributes List) It displays the key-value pair for the diskpool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))
- `safepct` (Number) It displays the safe percent number, where alerts are generated once this threshold is met. Backup jobs or mounts will not be possible where this value is met.
- `srcid` (String) It displays the source ID on the appliance.
- `stale` (Boolean) It displays the state of the disk pool. Ok indicates the disk pool is healthy.
- `state` (String) It displays the state of the disk pool. Ok indicates the disk pool is healthy.
- `status` (String) It displays the status of the disk pool. The green indicates the disk pool has available space.
- `syncdate` (Number) It displays the last sync date.
- `udsuid` (Number)
- `usage_mb` (Number) It displays the current consumption of the pool in Megabytes.
- `usedefaultsa` (Boolean) It displays true or false.
- `vaultprops` (Attributes) It displays the properties of OnVault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaultprops))
- `warnpct` (Number) It displays the warn percent number, where alerts are generated once this threshold is met. Backup jobs and mounts can continue in this warning state.

<a id="nestedatt--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster`

Read-Only:

- `clusterid` (String) It displays the backup/recovery appliance ID as shown in the **Management console** > **Manage** > **Appliances** page.
- `href` (String) It displays the API URI for disk pool.
- `id` (String) It displays the unique cluster id used in api call.
- `ipaddress` (String) It displays the IP address of the backup/recovery appliance ID.
- `name` (String) It displays the name of the storage pool.
- `pkibootstrapped` (Boolean) It displays if the PKI boot strap is enabled or not.
- `projectid` (String) It displays the project ID used to create the OnVault pool.
- `publicip` (String) It displays the public IP of the backup/recovery appliance ID.
- `region` (String) It displays the region where the OnVault pool is created.
- `secureconnect` (Boolean) It displays the possible values for secure connect as true or false.
- `serviceaccount` (String) It displays the GCP service account used for OnVault pool access.
- `stale` (Boolean) It displays the possible values true or false.
- `supportstatus` (String) It displays the appliance up to date with latest patches or updates status. It can be true or false.
- `syncdate` (Number) It displays the last sync date between appliance and management console.
- `type` (String) It displays the appliance type.
- `version` (String) It displays the version of the backup appliance.
- `zone` (String) It displays the zone where the appliance is located.


<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) It displays the storage pool attributes. It can be object size, use ssl, bucket name, or ID.
- `value` (String) It displays the storage pool values.


<a id="nestedatt--vaultprops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaultprops`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) It displays the OnVault pool bucket ID.
- `compression` (Boolean) It displays the possible compression values true or false.
- `href` (String) It displays the API URI for disk pool.
- `id` (String) It displays the unique ID for objects.
- `region` (String) It displays the region where the OnVault pool is created.
- `stale` (Boolean) It displays the possible values true or false.
- `syncdate` (Number) It displays the last sync date in epoch converted format.
