---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "backupdr_host Resource - terraform-provider-backupdr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an vCenter Host.
---

# backupdr_host (Resource)

Manages an vCenter Host.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "backupdr_host" "example" {
  friendlypath        = "<friendly-name>"
  appliance_clusterid = "<appliance-clusterid>"
  hostname            = "vcsa-000000.xxxxxxx.asia-northeast1.gve.goog" ## vcenter hostname
  ipaddress           = "10.10.0.2"                                    ## vcenter IP address
  hosttype            = "vcenter"
  hypervisoragent = {
    username = "CloudOwner@gve.local"
    password = "<vcenter-password>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `appliance_clusterid` (String) Provide the appliance cluster id that host is added to.
- `hostname` (String) Provide the fully qualified domain name of the vCenter host.
- `hosttype` (String) Provide the host type as vCenter.
- `ipaddress` (String) Provide the IP address of the host.

### Optional

- `alternateip` (List of String) Provide the alternate IP address of the host.
- `friendlypath` (String) Provide the FQDN or alias name for vCenter address.
- `hypervisoragent` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hypervisoragent))
- `multiregion` (String) Provide the region or regions where the host is created.
- `ostype_special` (String) Provide the OS type for the host.

### Read-Only

- `autoupgrade` (String) It displays the autoupgrade values.
- `cert_revoked` (Boolean) It displays the certificate revoked values as true or false.
- `clusterid` (String) It displays the cluster ID.
- `dbauthentication` (Boolean) This is not applicable for vCenter hosts.
- `diskpref` (String) This is not applicable for vCenter hosts.
- `hasagent` (Boolean) This is not applicable for vCenter hosts.
- `href` (String) It displays the API URI for host.
- `id` (String) It displays the unique application ID of this resource.
- `isclusterhost` (Boolean) It displays if this is a cluster host or not - true or false.
- `isclusternode` (Boolean) It displays if this is a cluster node or not - true or false.
- `isesxhost` (Boolean) It displays if this is a  ESXi host type or not - true or false.
- `isproxyhost` (Boolean) It displays if this is a proxy host or not - true or false.
- `isshadowhost` (Boolean) It displays if this is a shadow host or not - true or false.
- `isvcenterhost` (Boolean) It displays if this is a vCenter host or not - true or false.
- `isvm` (Boolean) It displays if this is a VM host type or not - true or false.
- `maxjobs` (Number) It displays the maximum number of concurrent jobs.
- `modifydate` (Number) It displays the last modified using epoch format.
- `name` (String) It displays the name of the host.
- `originalhostid` (String) It displays the host ID on the backup/recovery appliance.
- `pki_state` (String) It is used for VMs with agents
- `sourcecluster` (String) It displays the appliance ID where host is added.
- `srcid` (String) It displays the applications ID on the appliance.
- `svcname` (String) It displays the host storage naming convention for backup appliance API.
- `transport` (String) It displays the storage transport mode - nfs or san (nfs is default for Google cloud VMware Engine).
- `uniquename` (String) It displays the vCenter uuid - The unique vm identity as per vcenter or esxi host.
- `zone` (String) It displays the zone used for VMs.

<a id="nestedatt--hypervisoragent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hypervisoragent`

Required:

- `username` (String) Provide the username of the vCenter host. Ideally this should be a solution-user-XX@gve.local account, rather than CloudOwner account.

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Provide the password of the vCenter host.

Read-Only:

- `agenttype` (String) It displays the type of agent
- `hasalternatekey` (Boolean) It displays true or false if the vCenter host has an alternate key or not.
- `haspassword` (Boolean) It displays true or false if the vCenter host has a password or not.
