---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "backupdr_template Resource - terraform-provider-backupdr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Templates are composed of backup policies. In policies, you can define when to run a backup, how frequently to run a backup, how long to retain the backup image for (Days, Weeks, Months, Years), and also additional configuration when the policy is applied to a different application, such as a file system, database, or VM. For more information, see Backup template https://cloud.google.com/backup-disaster-recovery/docs/create-plan/create-template.
---

# backupdr_template (Resource)

Templates are composed of backup policies. In policies, you can define when to run a backup, how frequently to run a backup, how long to retain the backup image for (Days, Weeks, Months, Years), and also additional configuration when the policy is applied to a different application, such as a file system, database, or VM. For more information, see [Backup template](https://cloud.google.com/backup-disaster-recovery/docs/create-plan/create-template).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "backupdr_template" "example" {
  name        = "<name>"
  description = "<SLA Template description>"
  policies = [
    {
      name              = "<policy name>",
      op                = "cloud",
      iscontinuous      = false,
      starttime         = 68400,
      endtime           = 67800,
      rpo               = "24",
      rpom              = "hours",
      retention         = "14",
      retentionm        = "days",
      priority          = "medium",
      sourcevault       = 0,
      targetvault       = 1,
      scheduletype      = "daily",
      repeatinterval    = "1",
      exclusiontype     = "none",
      exclusioninterval = "1",
      exclusion         = "none",
      selection         = "none"
    },
    {
      name              = "<policy name>",
      op                = "snap",
      endtime           = 25200,
      exclusion         = "none",
      exclusioninterval = "1",
      exclusiontype     = "none",
      iscontinuous      = false,
      priority          = "medium",
      repeatinterval    = "1",
      retention         = "2",
      retentionm        = "days",
      rpo               = "24",
      rpom              = "hours",
      scheduletype      = "daily",
      selection         = "none",
      starttime         = 68400,
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Provide a name for the backup template.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Provide a description for the backup template.
- `managedbyagm` (Boolean)
- `override` (String) Setting “Yes” will allow the policies set in this template to be overridden per-application. Setting “No” will enforce the policies as configured in this template without allowing any per-application overrides.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Provide policy details for backup template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `sourcename` (String) Provide the source name. It should match the name value.
- `usedbycloudapp` (Boolean) It displays if the template is used by applications or not - true/false.

### Read-Only

- `href` (String) It displays the API URI for Backup Plan template.
- `id` (String) This displays the backup template ID.
- `option_href` (String) It displays the API URI for Backup Plan template options
- `policy_href` (String) This displays the backup policy ID.

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `name` (String) Provide a name for the backup policy.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Provide the description for the backup policy.
- `encrypt` (String) Provide the encryption identifier.
- `endtime` (String) Provide the end time for the backup plan.
- `exclusion` (String) Specify days, days of week, month and days of month to exclude backup snapshots.
- `exclusioninterval` (String) Provide the exclusion interval for the template. Normally set to 1.
- `exclusiontype` (String) Provide the exclusion type as daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly.
- `iscontinuous` (Boolean) provide true or false if the policy setting for continuous mode or windowed.
- `op` (String) Provide the operation type. Normally set to snap, DirectOnVault, or stream_snap.
- `policytype` (String) Provide the backup policy type. It can be snapshot, direct to OnVault, OnVault replication, mirror, and OnVault policy.
- `priority` (String) Provide the application priority. It can be medium, high or low. The default job priority is medium, but you can change the priority to high or low.
- `remoteretention` (Number) This is used for mirror policy options.
- `repeatinterval` (String) Provide the interval value. Normally set to 1.
- `reptype` (String) This is used for mirror policy options.
- `retention` (String) Set how long to retain an image.
- `retentionm` (String) Set the retention in days, weeks, months, or years.
- `rpo` (String) Provide how often to run policy again. 24 is once per day.
- `rpom` (String) Provide PRP in hours. You can also set the RPO in  minutes.
- `scheduletype` (String) Set the schedule type as daily, weekly, monthly or yearly.
- `selection` (String) Set what days to run the scheduled job. For example, weekly jobs on Sunday - days of week as sun.
- `sourcevault` (Number) Provide the OnVault disk pool id. You can get the from the **management console** > **Manage** > **Storage Pools**, then enabling visibility of the ID column.
- `starttime` (String) Provide the start time for the backup plan in decimal format: total seconds = (hours x 3600) + (minutes + 60) + seconds
- `targetvault` (Number) Provide the OnVault disk pool id. You can get the from the **management console** > **Manage** > **Storage Pools**, then enabling visibility of the ID column.
- `truncatelog` (String) Enable log truncation. This may not work as required in advanced options.
- `verification` (Boolean) Provide the verification values as true or false.
- `verifychoice` (String) Empty value by default - to be used in future versions.

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Provide the API URI for backup plan template policy.
- `id` (String) Provide the unique policy ID within the template.
